Add minimal documentation about buildpacks in main Readme (#766)
epinio/epinio: README.md

- [QuickStart](./docs/user/tutorials/quickstart.md) - tutorial on how to create an org and push an application.

## Buildpacks

Buildpacks convert your application source code into container images in which the buildpack provides the framework, dependencies and runtime support for your app based on it's programming language.

Epinio uses [Paketo Buildpacks](https://paketo.io/docs/) through tekton pipelines to convert your source code into container images. 

[Tekton Buildpack Pipeline](https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog/blob/main/task/buildpacks/0.3/buildpacks.yaml) - Epinio uses this tekton pipeline with the Paketo's full [Builder Image](https://paketo.io/docs/concepts/builders/).

> [Using Custom Buildpack](./docs/developer/howtos/custom-python-builder.md) - Steps to create and use custom python buildpack as Paketo full [Builder Image](https://paketo.io/docs/concepts/builders/) doesn't support python apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Using Custom Buildpack](./docs/developer/howtos/custom-python-builder.md) - Steps to create and use a custom builder image that includes a buildpack for Python (The paketo  full [Builder Image](https://paketo.io/docs/concepts/builders/) doesn't support python apps yet).
```
